Please answer the 2 questions from each of these 3 sections (and complete the 3 practical
exercises below):

Section 1 - Design & Development

Q1
Could you outline what you would consider to be the important considerations If you were
asked to develop a web application that could potentially be used by thousands of users?

A1-
Scalability. I would want to be sure that the application was designed with scalability in mind from the beginning. This could be done by not enforcing data structures 
heavily from the beginning & by writing more action based functional code. Rather than defining set objects and developing around them, you could define a set of actions 
that you would like for your users to complete.

Q2
What techniques do you employ to keep up-to-date with the rapid pace of progress in the
field frontend development? How do you choose which technologies are worth taking the
time to learn more about?

A2-
While the front end field is moving and changing at a rapid pace, I like to refresh myself on the fundamental prototypal nature of javascript which things like 
ES6 classes merely wrap in sugar syntax. Understanding javascript at its core has helped me stay grounded when evaluating other front end technologies. 


Section 2 - & Deployment
Q1
Describe the approach you take in testing your applications.

A1 - 
Functional programming by its very nature lends itself to being more testable than OO code. This is because of the idea of pure functions & the idea that your functions
should have an input and an output without having any side effects. 

Q2
What do you value in a code base?

A2-

I value consistency and lack of overcomplexity. Although functional programming is nice, I beleive in keeping the code as readible and maintainable as possible without 
trying to write code with the least amount of characters possible. 


Section 3 - General
Q1
What do you find most exciting or interesting about working in the software development
field?

A1 -
As I have spent more time in this field, I think that the apparent growth that I have noticed in my skillset(technical & solf skills) has been very rewarding. The quest 
for mastery of a language or technology is something that really drives me. Also, the creative aspect of designing user experiences & bouncing ideas off of other developers 
has also been very rewarding.


Q2
In your career to date, what are you most proud of and why?

A2 
I would say my most recent work at Cisco would be my best work. Being given the opportunity to develop an application from wireframes to production was very challenging. I feel that I grow the most when things 
push me to a place where I feel uncomfortable with the complexity. 